References

Bazan L. and Navas-Aleman L., 2001, The underground revolution in the sinos valley: a comparison of upgrading in global and national value chains, institute of development studies working paper series.

Gereffi G., 1999, International trade and industrial upgrading the apparel commodity chain, Journal of international economics, june, vol. 48, issue 1, p.37.

Gereffi G., 2001, Shifting governance structures in global commodity chains, with special reference to the internet, the american behavioral scientist, june vol. 44, issue 10, p.1616.

Kaplinksy R., 2000, Spreading the gains of globalization: what can be learned from value chains analysis, institute of development studies working paper series.

Kaplinsky R. and Morris M., 2003, Handbook for Value chain research, IDS.

Kaplinsky R. and Readman J., 2004, Globalisation and upgrading: what can (and cannot) be learnt from international trade statistics in the wood furniture sector?, institute of development studies working paper series.

Kaplinsky R., Memedovic O., Morris M. and Readman J., 2003, the global wood furniture chain: what prospects for upgrading by developing countries, UNIDO.

Kaplinsky R., Morris M. and Readman J., 2001, the globalisation of product markets and immiserising growth: lessons from the south african furniture industry, institute of development studies working paper series.

Loebis L. and Schmitz H., 2003, java furniture makers: winners or losers from globalisation, institute of development studies working paper series.

Meyer-Stamer J., Maggi C. and Seibel S., 2001, Improving upon nature: patterns of upgrading in ceramic tile clusters in italy, spain and brazil, institute of development studies working paper series.

Schneider D., 1999, the role of buyers in the development of the hotel furtniture industry in Kenya, institute of development studies working paper series.

Yakovlev A., 2004. Development of recommendations on ensuring russian enterprse competitiveness within value chains, Higher school of economics, report to the ministry of economic development and trade RF (in Russian).



